To hold the glass
How about you don't understand stocks?
This new stock starts to rise and then falls
Husband is a loser
What the hell does he know?
What he really doesn't understand is you
Poor people like you still need to choose according to the skeleton
And I can actually place an order
Hahaha, what are you?
It's also priced, you can order one and I'll take a look.
Please eat frogs
Are you a radish and cabbage?
They set their own prices.
Are you the one who invited the frog to eat?
OK
How much did you buy?
Bought 500 bucks
Hahahaha, it's so pitiful.
I bought it for 500 yuan.
This 500 won't be what I gave you last time, right?
If you really don't have money, tell me.
I'll give it to you, don't pay it back.
Just feed the dog
If you have more money, you can buy more stocks
How many stocks we buy has nothing to do with you
The bitch has already lost
See how I play you
1 million signal gun technology, please wait a moment
Please put away your stocks
Hey, you have a good body
Just order it.
husband
Your sauce-flavored technology has gone up 3 points since it opened.
How did you make 30,000?
No matter how cool it is, just wash it up and wait for me.